1. ctrl + ` to open terminal

2. assuming npm is our main project folder

3. install npm globally by typing in the terminal:
  npm i nodemon -g
  cd npm (or where index.js file is located)
  nodemon index.js
  Ctrl+C (exit)

  npm init
  (input info)
  info: after it, it will auto generate package.json from the info inputted then this file 
  package.json is important because this is what npm reads to know what packages to install for your project

4. npm i date-fns (adding/installing dependency, see package.json to verify)

5. git init

5. add .gitignore file then add node_modules

6. npm install (going to read to package.json and install the node_modules)

7. edited index.js 

8. npm i nodemon -D (installing dev dependency and save it as dev dependency)
   other way: npm i nodemon --save-dev 
   (see package.json to verify)

9. scripts (
  use to run applications,
  this will be used by the server for hosting)
  in package.json add this in scripts:
    "start": "node index", (index is where we wanna run our project)
    delete test
    add "dev": "nodemon index"
    save

10. starting the project
  npm run dev
  (in index.js, we have lines to display date and time, verify if present in the terminal since it was console.log)

11. installing new dependency uuid
  npm i uuid

12. in package.json, "date-fns": "^4.1.0", 4 means major version, 1 means minor version, and 0 means patch. The "^" means you allow updating minor version and patches, not the major version
- we can use "~" like "date-fns": "~4.1.0", means updating the patch
- the "date-fns": "*", means updating everything all the time (not too safe)

13. to install specifically a version 
  npm i uuid@8.3.1
  for the latest the version
    npm i uuid
  
14. the "^" does not allow updating the major version since it could end errors for dependencies conflicts

15. to update minor/patch for all packages (having "^" in the version in package.json)
  npm update

16. uninstalling dev dependency
  npm uninstall uuid
  npm rm nodemon -D 
  npm rm nodemon -g (for global)
  remove nodemon in scripts in package.json


